# Exercise 1.5

Ben Bitdiddle has invented a test to determine whether the interpreter he is faced with is using applicative order evaluation or normal-order evaluation. He defines the following two procedures:
```scheme
(define (p) (p))

(define (test x y)
    (if (= x 0) 0 y))
```

Then he evaluates the expression
``` scheme
(test 0 (p))
```

What behavior will Ben observe with an interpreter that uses applicative-order evaluation? What behavior will he observe with an interpreter that uses normal-order evaluation? Explain your answer. 

(Assume that the evaluation rule for the special form if is the same whether the interpreter is using normal or applicative order: we predicate expression is evaluated first, and the result determines whether to evaluate the consequent or the alternative expression.)

# Answer

> - With **applicative-order evaluation**, the interpreter evaluates all the arguments first before applying the function. So, it would start by evaluating 0, which is straightforward and results in the value 0.
Next, it would evaluate (p), which is a function call. To evaluate (p), the interpreter needs to look at the definition of the function p, which is (define (p) (p)). This definition means that p calls itself over and over again in an infinite loop. Therefore, when the interpreter tries to evaluate (p), it gets stuck in an infinite loop and cannot proceed further. As a result, the expression does not return any value and keeps running indefinitely.
>
> - With **normal-order evaluation**, the interpreter does things a bit differently. It only evaluates an argument when it is actually needed in the computation.
In this case, when (test 0 (p)) is evaluated, the interpreter first looks at the predicate part of the test function, which is x = 0. Since the value of x is 0, the predicate is true.
Because the predicate is true, the interpreter immediately returns the consequent part of the if statement, which is 0. It doesn't even bother evaluating the alternative part (p) because it's not needed in this case.