# Exercise 2.19: 
Consider the change-counting program of section [1.2.2](../../Chapter1/exercises/ex1-14.md). It would be nice to be able to easily change the currency used by the program, so that we could compute the number of ways to change a British pound, for example. 
As the program is written, the knowledge of the currency is distributed partly into the procedure `first-denomination` and partly into the procedure `count-change` (which knows that there are five kinds of U.S. coins). It would be nicer to be able to supply a list of coins to be used for making change.

We want to rewrite the procedure `cc` so that its second argument is a list of the values of the coins to use rather than an integer specifying which coins to use. We could then have lists that defined each kind of currency:

`(define us-coins (list 50 25 10 5 1))`

`(define uk-coins (list 100 50 20 10 5 2 1 0.5))`

We could then call cc as follows:

`(cc 100 us-coins) ;292`

`0`

To do this will require changing the program `cc` somewhat. It will still have the same form, but it will access its second argument differently, as follows:
```scheme
(define (cc amount coin-values)
  (cond ((= amount 0) 1)
        ((or (< amount 0) (no-more? coin-values)) 0)
        (else
         (+ (cc amount
                (except-first-denomination coin-values))
            (cc (- amount
                   (first-denomination coin-values))
                coin-values)))))

```
Define the procedures `first-denomination`, `except-first-denomination`, and `no-more`? in terms of primitive operations on list structures. 
Does the order of the list `coin-values` affect the answer produced by `cc`? Why or why not?

## Answer
with the lists largest to smallest, the procdure tries to use the largest denominations first e.g. for `(cc 155 uk)` it starts off with `200` and then falls back to `100` and so on - so the intensive recursion happens later with the smaller denominations.

If you start the other way, then the algorithm starts with `1` and so with `(cc 155 uk)` there are $155$ different ways to represent it - so before the procedure considers other denominations its already performed a large number of recursive calls.

```scheme

(define uk (list 200 100 50 20 10 5 2 1))
(define us (list 50 25 10 5 1))

(define (cc amount coin-values)
  (cond ((= amount 0) 1)
        ((or (< amount 0) (no-more? coin-values)) 0)
        (else
         (+ (cc amount
                (except-first-denomination coin-values))
            (cc (- amount
                   (first-denomination coin-values))
                coin-values)))))


(define (first-denomination d)
  (car d))

(define (except-first-denomination d)
  (cdr d))

(define (no-more? d)
  (null? d))

; test it with currencies:
(cc 155 uk)
; 24980
(cc 46 us)
; 39

; compare the execution times:
(time (cc 155 uk))
; cpu time: 116 real time: 121 gc time: 3
(time (cc 155 (reverse uk)))
; cpu time: 504 real time: 520 gc time: 56

```